Lakshita and Leah

new background story -

I was a cat in the village doing alright, 
then became a monster overnight. 
Now I’m stuck in a figure I don’t like
So much hate I receive
Trapped in this prison perpetually
In a town that's just hating on me
A whole sad cursed world just wants to kill me
I'm so depressed to be

(Buff cat monster) I'm findin' out what the real world is all about
(Buff cat monster) Makin' my way, there’s new trauma every day
(monster) I’m wishing for my end
(monster) The town people have won
(Kill the monster!)

orginal background stories -

Lobo the Head:
This is Lobo, she’s a magical cat!!! She got her powers from her magical ancestry, having many magical family members too. She likes to call herself a ‘witch’, and she uses her powers to mess with people and help people. She runs a store called ‘Hyponotizing Goblet’, where she is the main witch. People (and animals!) are invited in, for either a magical aura reading, or a hypnotizing ritual, whatever they desire. When someone walks in the clinic, Lobo does a quick aura reading for them, and if she deems them a good being, she helps them with whatever they ask, or need, as sometimes she knows what is better needed, than what is asked. If a very bad being walks into her store, instead of helping, she hypnotizes them… Just temporary things. Just a thunder cloud. Just a gibberish tongue. Just things that last a few days. But they always seem to learn their lesson! Lobo got her name because someone called her a lobotomized cat. Instead of getting upset, she owned the insult. She also gave them a neon pink fur color change.

Chest the Chest:
Hot, sweaty, oily. These words describe what can only be viewed in imaginations. Fragments of consciousnesses fading together as one, as each can only think of this extreeeemely handsome body one bit at a time. Perhaps it was imagined from the thought of Greek mythological statues, or the thought of those weirdly ridiculous spray tans on body builders. Somehow small fragments came together through mysterious powers, but alas, it could only make the torso. Now it stands there in all its glory, waiting. How is it here? Where is the rest of the body? Why is it covered in olive oil? We will never know.

Grinch Legs:
This is the Grinch. The grinch who stole Christmas! He lives in isolation on Mount Crumpet, his bottom grown round and exaggerated- infamous green form not shaped just by his bitterness, but by gravity itself. People say "sometimes evil doesn't cackle... it jiggles", to him. What looks like a joke is really just another mark of how much the Grinch never fit in.